tofu soy sauce key Nicole Arbour dog a
hot soggy gotten Mizuki those are some
things that are made with soy beans
sometimes I like to just eat plain soy
beans last night I soaked about
three-quarters of a pound or about 350
grams of soy beans with 3/4 of a cup of
sugar and 5 tablespoons of soy sauce
they're coming to a boil now what I'm
gonna do is give them the foam off the
top put a lid on it and put it on a low
heat and simmer them until they're soft
I finished cooking the soy beans
yesterday and just left them in the
cooking liquid overnight in the
refrigerator they look pretty good now
I'm gonna separate some out and make a
couple of dishes
both of these recipes are fairly common
in this one I'm just taking some of the
cooking liquid and the beans and adding
some kombu that I've cut up into small
squares I'm gonna boil that just until
the kombu turns soft
while the beans have been simmering I
washed one cup of rice and I put it into
the rice cooker bowl I'm just gonna take
about a half a cup of the beans that
have been drained and put that on the
rice I'm going to just toss it into the
rice cooker
this looked really good now the kombu or
kelp is soft the flavors of the sugar
and the so you have concentrated I think
we'll just shut it off now
well here they are plated up two
relatively simple soybean dishes of our
soybeans cooked in white rice and
soybeans cooked in sugar soy sauce and
then boiled with kombu or kelp give them
a try
you